say aloha together say hell yeah oh oh
what we all have to hold love together
give some love give some love okay ready
1 2 3 so ready 1 2 oh this is that a let
it big city beautiful she'll do you see
the shower here shell yeah the shell you
can use one that does that mean it's a
good thing don't want to be called a
martyr of her because this one's
designed to collar the press on the top
white right here you see the meat on the
top that one is a mental plan is what
produce the Madhapur and Bethenny
innately - so you post you inside the
meat because the meat is hotel how'd you
get all the layer mother crap
good girl it's like Christmas let's see
what you've got for you okay bro big
girl big girl
see mother bro did you see what's being
cooler this is a life prayer and this
one is a big pink
oh that's nice so I now have thank you I
looking here Wow look at how shiny
headed and also an actual it's like
you're all the other cream color cream
colored ah what I couldn't get on by
Wendy bells
lunch gonna kiss our sushi Oh